If a test fails inside test.describe.serial() in Playwright, will the subsequent tests in that block continue to run or be skipped?
What is the difference between git add and git commit?
what is the difference between type() and fill()?
what are the test management tools, you have used ?
Why we will convert ts to js  and run?
Write a function to debounce another function
Create a deep clone of an object without JSON.stringify().
Group elements of an array based on a property.
Implement a memoization function.
Write a function to implement curry()
Write a function to bind a function without using Function.prototype.bind().
Implement a basic event emitter class.
Implement retry logic with exponential backoff.
Write a mini LRU cache implementation.
Day to day activities you do in playwright automation
How we integrate git in playwright
What commands do we give for git after integrated
What is use of custom fixtures
What's Serialisation and deserialization in api
Do we use decorators in Typescript?
For few methods async childTab(locator: string): Promise<void> {.  Promise<> we are using why For few other methods we do not use can you please say when to use promise??
EX:
async click(locator: string, name: string, type: string) {
        await test.step(The ${name} ${type} clicked, async () => {
            await this.page.waitForSelector(locator, { state: 'visible' });
            await this.page.locator(locator).click();
        });
    }

async getTextContent(locator: string): Promise<string | null | any> {
        return await this.page.locator(locator).textContent();
    }

What type of exceptions we get in playwright?
What version of playwright are you using?
What do you do with traces
How do you debug using traces
What's use of tracing when testcase fails how to  we use trace to resolve it
What's use of codegen
How do you handle test data management and environment-specific configurations in a JavaScript-based automation framework?
How to integrate playwright with CI Pipelines
How to handle authentication tokens and CSRF tokens in playwright
What could be the reasons when a login page loads manually but does not appear during automation?
Give flow of your automation in api with playwright
what are all page fixtures, we use in PW?
How to implement webtable automation related scenarios using playwright there are rows and columns in webtable ? what are possible automation testcases?
how can you set npx playwright test --env=qa how can we run the test in qa environment
what is Pattern matching regex expression how to write these
For name,phone numbers, etc fields how do we validate using regular expressions
what is the difference between conventional iteration and recursion
What's quality gate
What's event looping
Cicd jenkins pipelines do we run standalone or after deployment it runs which one?If your testcases failing there then what happens?
In serial among 5 testcases if 3rd testcase gets failed, then next 2 in serial will it run or not???
how do you validate Payment gateway ?
How do we integrate our GitHub code into cicd pipeline
What's sandbox environment?How do we verify status code, amount and those all?
What type of testcases you have ensured which are most critical ones, what testing have you done in payment gateway integration















